```python
{
  "id_img": "1tu_OnkXUFe-o0AmX0Wq5ZIuCtAsWn_0k",
  "content": """IT Business Analyst (IT BA)
PAL TECH
Sign in to view salary

 20 Sông Thao, Tan Binh, Ho Chi Minh  At office 3 days ago
Skills:
Job Expertise:
Job Domain:
Top 3 reasons to join us
Very attractive salary package & performance bonus
20 days annual leaves
Full legal package and 100% salary on probation
Job description
Position Summary:
This role is in charge of developing requirements to meet business needs. Defines and publishes internal and external specifications, as well as assists in eliciting and clarifying requirements. Acting as a link between internal stakeholders and Business to analyse, document, communicate, and validate the application according to system requirements.
 
Responsibilities:
Obtain high-level functional requirements from internal stakeholders or customers.
Actively communicate with stakeholders to clarify any requirements.
Analyse and assess business needs, then create specification documents that include mock-ups, workflow, and detailed rules.
Attend a meeting with business users, if necessary, to gather requirements or to present/demonstrate a feature.
Provide the development and quality teams with the business requirements and specifications.
Collaborate with team leaders and application teams to ensure that test requirements are met.
Collaborate closely with diverse teams to ensure that testing and requirement analysis are completed on time.
Create a variety of software/system documentation, such as Functional Specifications or User Guides.
Support to consolidate reports or any required documents.
Assist with software testing and quality assurance as needed.
Your skills and experience
Skills & Qualifications: 
Degree in IT/Computer Science/Computer Engineering or related discipline.
At least 2 years of experience as a Business Analyst (handling business requirements directly from Business users).
Experience in software development of web-based/mobile applications is required.
Proficient in English skills, both oral and written.
Experience in the QC/testing field is desirable.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written.
Able to work in a dynamic and ever-changing industry.
A self-initiated and proactive team player who can work with minimal supervision.
Possess excellent time and task management skills.
Why you'll love working here
Benefits:
Attractive compensation, regular assessments, and salary reviews;
13th-month salary and annual bonus;
20 days annual leave;
100% salary during the probation period;
100% social insurance, premium healthcare insurance, and annual routine check-up;
Unlimited access to a selection of food and beverages;
Special celebrations on 8/3, Father's day, 20/10, Christmas, Tet holiday, etc.;
Company activities: annual teambuilding, new year party, quarterly company party, weekly fruits day, monthly birthday, etc.;
Sports activities: badminton, football, etc.;
Cinema days with blockbuster movies.

Projects & Team:
International working environment with a young, friendly, dynamic team, and creative;
Flat organizational structure;
Company sponsors overseas in-class training and online training courses.

PAL TECH
4.0
IT company providing and developing software platforms
Company typeCompany industryCompany size
IT Product
Software Products and Web Services
51-150
CountryWorking daysOvertime policy
SingaporeMonday - FridayNo OT"""
}
```