```python
{
  "id_img": "1pjieMNRH8mP2uQdX4TaJF3FmjUeG3mMN",
  "content": """Senior Backend Engineer_Java/English
TPIsoftware Co., Ltd
Sign in to view salary

 Lim Tower, 29A Nguyễn Đình Chiểu, Đa Kao, District 1, Ho Chi Minh  Lầu 7, Phòng 706 - 707 - 708 Tòa nhà Văn phòng Hoàng Anh Safomec, số 7/1 Thành Thái, Phường 14, Quận 10, Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh, Việt Nam, District 10, Ho Chi Minh  At office 1 day ago
Skills:
Job Expertise:
Job Domain:
Top 3 reasons to join us
Professional and international working environment
Golden career path
Attractive salary
Job description
1. Participate in the design and development of high-quality, scalable, and maintainable systems to support business objectives.
2. Conduct system analysis, contribute to architecture design, and implement technical solutions based on project requirements.
3. Develop and maintain software applications using Java technologies, ensuring best practices in clean code and design patterns.
4. Collaborate closely with engineering teams across multiple platforms to deliver integrated solutions.
5. Produce clear and comprehensive technical documentation for the systems developed.
6. Apply and maintain engineering best practices related to code quality, system architecture, and delivery efficiency.
7. Share knowledge and best practices within the team, proactively supporting team growth and technical excellence.
Your skills and experience
1. Strong experience with Java and J2EE technologies.
2. Hands-on experience with RDBMS such as PostgreSQL, Oracle, or MS SQL Server.
3. Experience in developing and deploying applications on Cloud platforms (GCP, AWS, or Azure).
4. Familiar with version control and containerization tools such as Git, Docker, and Kubernetes (optional but preferred).
5. Solid analytical and problem-solving skills.
6. Good teamwork spirit and the ability to collaborate effectively in an Agile/Scrum environment.
7. Good communication skills, logical thinking, and the ability to explain complex ideas clearly.
8. Proactive and self-driven with a continuous learning mindset.
9. Communicative English skills are required; willingness to learn Chinese or Vietnamese for cross-regional collaboration is a plus.
Why you'll love working here
THE BENEFITS 
13-month salary and performance bonus
Full social benefits in accordance with the company and the Vietnam Law
Premium health care & accident insurance
Friendly working environment with strong startup culture 
Team building, Company trip, Year-end party, etc.
40 flexible working hours per week from Monday to Friday 
Salary review at least one time per year based on employee's performance and contribution

TPIsoftware Co., Ltd
Expedite Digital Transformation with State-of-the-Art AI Technology
Company typeCompany industryCompany size
IT Product
Software Products and Web Services
1-50
CountryWorking daysOvertime policy
TaiwanMonday - FridayNo OT"""
}
```