```python
{
  "id_img": "19eX9P3wb87Dwah3LJ9sG2Fl3pfKxO5VZ",
  "content": """Principal Software Engineer (.NET, C#)
Pixelz
Sign in to view salary

 107 Nguyen Phong Sac, Dich Vong Hau, Cau Giay, Ha Noi  At office 3 days ago
Skills:
Job Expertise:
Job Domain:
Top 3 reasons to join us
International Environment (Europe, US colleague)
Work-Life Balance & Flexibility
Strong Engineering Culture & Growth Opportunities
Job description
THE ROLE
As a Principal Software Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in designing, developing, and optimizing high-performance software systems. You will act as a technical leader, driving innovation, mentoring engineers, and ensuring that our technology stack meets the highest standards of scalability, security, and performance.

This role requires a deep understanding of software architecture, cloud computing, and modern engineering best practices. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams, provide guidance on system design, and contribute to long-term technical strategy.

Tech stack we are using: SQL Server, Entity Framework, .NET Core, Identity Server, RESTful APIs, Docker GraphQL, Amazon AWS (EC2, S3, SQS, SES, Lambda, ECS, EKS, API Gateway, etc), Elasticsearch, NodeJS, React.js, Redux, Web socket…
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Serve as a technical authority for complex projects and large-scale systems.
Lead software architecture decisions to ensure scalability, performance, and security.
Develop and implement best coding practices, ensuring high-quality software delivery.
Mentor and coach mid-level and senior engineers, fostering technical growth.
Drive innovation and continuous improvement, staying ahead of emerging technologies.
Collaborate with product managers, designers, other engineers to deliver business-critical solutions.
Ensure smooth integration of cloud services, DevOps, and CI/CD pipelines.
 

 
Your skills and experience
JOB REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent
8+ years in software development, with at least 3+ years in a leadership role
Strong expertise in .NET and C#
Good communication in English
Understanding of monolithic vs. microservices trade-offs
Expertise in unit testing, integration testing, and test automation.
Proficiency in RESTful APIs, GraphQL, gRPC
Hands-on experience with AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud (GCP)
Have experience with one of SQL databases: SQL Server, Oracle, Postgresql or MySQL
Experience with profiling tools, database optimization, and caching strategies is a plus
Experience in microservices architecture, event-driven systems, and distributed computing is a plus
Familiarity with Docker, Terraform/CDK, CI/CD pipelines and infrastructure as code (IaC) is a plus.
Understanding of OWASP Top 10, authentication protocols (OAuth, JWT, SAML) is a plus
Experience with compliance standards like GDPR, HIPAA, SOC2 is a plus
Why you'll love working here
International working environment
Flat and transparent organization
Individual ideas are highly appreciated.
Working with a strong technical team of young and ambitious members
Flexible working time and result oriented
Partial remotely (1-2 days/week work from home)
Tech summit at a 5* resort annually.
Chances to learn new business
Great opportunities in developing career paths, English and soft skills.
Social, healthcare and unemployment insurances complied with the labor law
Up to 15 annual leave days per year
Summer trip allowance, 2 week fully paid off for parental leave, teamwork activities and more to come once you join

Pixelz
4.2
Leading product image editing service for internet retailers, designers, photographers, webmasters.
Company typeCompany industryCompany size
IT Product
Creative and Design
301-500
CountryWorking daysOvertime policy
DenmarkMonday - FridayExtra salary for OT"""
}
```