```python
{
  "id_img": "1muiJiYsGeuVL_All4iA31ZGYv_zWfCRO",
  "content": """AI/Machine Learning Engineer (Python)
Persol Career Tech Studio Vietnam
Sign in to view salary

 6th Floor An Phu Plaza, Vo Thi Sau Ward, District 3, District 3, Ho Chi Minh  Hybrid (flexible between home and office) 1 day ago
Skills:
Job Expertise:
Job Domain:
Top 3 reasons to join us
Hybrid Working style and Flexible working time
Competitive salary, bonus, expenses and allowances
15 days of paid leave + Health Care Insurance
Job description
Algorithm Development - Design, build, and optimize machine learning algorithms and models for various HR-related applications, such as candidate screening, talent matching, performance prediction, and sentiment analysis.
Cloud Infrastructure - Architect, develop, and deploy AI-related cloud infrastructure and services on platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. This includes setting up and managing data pipelines, model serving endpoints, and scalable computing resources.
Full Lifecycle Development - Take ownership of the entire machine learning lifecycle, from initial data exploration and feature engineering to model training, evaluation, and deployment in a production environment.
Collaboration - Work closely with product managers, data scientists, and other software engineers to understand business requirements, translate them into technical specifications, and deliver high-quality, impactful solutions.
Performance & Optimization - Monitor the performance of deployed models, troubleshoot issues, and continuously improve algorithms to enhance accuracy and efficiency.
Research & Innovation - Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in AI, machine learning, and cloud technologies. Propose and experiment with new tools and techniques to keep our products at the forefront of the industry.
Code Quality - Write clean, well-documented, and maintainable code, adhering to best practices in software development.
Your skills and experience
Must: 
2+ years of professional hands-on experience as an AI Developer, Machine Learning Engineer, or similar role.
Hands-on experience with cloud platforms (AWS, or GCP) and related services (e.g., S3, EC2, Lambda, SageMaker, Google AI Platform).
Solid understanding of machine learning principles, including supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning.
Strong programming skills in implementing programs using Python.
Development experience with database technologies (SQL and NoSQL) and relational databases
Preferable:
Development experience using git, Jupyter notebook, and cloud
Experience with containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes).
Experienced growth in business using data AI
Experience with project leads with multiple members
Why you'll love working here
Annual Leave: 15 days/ year
Flexible Working Time (Hybrid Working & Flexible Check-in) 
100% Salary in Probation
Salary Review (Twice a Year) 
13th Salary bonus
Social Insurance for 100% Salary
Travel Allowance
Premium Health Care Insurance for employees (PTI)
Annual Health Check 
Full Device Provide: MAC equipment, Monitors,..
Monthly Happy , Quarterly Team Bonding Party, Company Trip, Year End Party and Events
Training Program to encouraging people development (Udemy accounts, Training Course,..)
Marriage / Baby Gift/ Holiday espense
Funeral Expenses
Referral Bonus
Skill Improvement Course for Employees (Udemy)

Persol Career Tech Studio Vietnam
4.4
GIVE PEOPLE THE POWER TO OWN THEIR WORK- LIFE
Company typeCompany industryCompany size
IT Product
Software Products and Web Services
51-150
CountryWorking daysOvertime policy
JapanMonday - FridayNo OT"""
}
```