Link ảnh: ‘https://drive.google.com/file/d/1t-QsyPoZb5h6jElYtPpPv7RRA9fljH9W/view’
Junior AI Engineer
Brighton Investment
Sign in to view salary

 Tầng 4, Tòa nhà Việt Tower, Số 1 Thái Hà, P. Trung Liệt, Dong Da, Ha Noi  Hybrid (flexible between home and office) 1 day ago
Skills:
Job Expertise:
Job Domain:
Top 3 reasons to join us
Be part of a central technology team
Personal career development
Promotion opportunity to a Senior level
Job description
Researching, designing and deploying AI-assisted solution/systems based on business needs
Researching and building modular AI agents for simple tasks with integrated workflow (e.g. n8n, Make, Zapier, etc.)
Researching and experimenting with relevant AI frameworks and models (e.g. LLMs/SLMs, MCP, etc.)
Supporting in standardizing data from internal & external sources
Collaborating with other team members for relevant assigned task
Your skills and experience
Generic
Critical thinking, problem-solving & Can-Do attitude
Logical mindset and approach
Fast-learner and willing to learn new technologies when required
Can work both independently and in a team-work environment with strong communication skills
Graduated in IT or a related technical majors/field (non-IT background will be accepted only with proven IT & domain-specific knowledge, skills and experience, on a case-by-case basis)
English is not required but should be able to understand technical documents without any difficulty (i.e. no Google translation)
Must have
Ability to use Python, Linux at working level
API development skills
Knowledge of data structure and algorithm with mathematical mindset
Hands-on experience with at least 1 workflow engine & automation platform, such as Power Automate, n8n, Airflow, Make or Zapier, etc.
Actual personal portfolio on AI-related projects/solution (will be required to show)
Experience with open-source solutions (i.e. self-deploy and host, etc.
Nice to have
Knowledge and/or experience with Machine Learning (ML)
Data visualization experience with tools (e.g. Superset, Power BI, etc.)
Why you'll love working here
Young, dynamic and collaborative environment with flat structure, promoting creativity 
Competitive salary, 100% salary during 2-month probation.
Social, Heath and Unemployment Insurance starting right form probationary period.
Premium Health Care.
Employee discount program.
Continuous learning spirit.
Ongoing opportunities for professional development and growth. 
 

Brighton Investment
...
Company typeCompany industryCompany size
IT Service and IT Consulting
IT Services and IT Consulting
51-150
CountryWorking daysOvertime policy
VietnamMonday - FridayNo OT

